docs: New Console features for 23.1 (#1206)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/manage/security/console/authentication.mdx

This feature requires an [Enterprise license](../../../../get-started/licenses). To upgrade, contact [Redpanda sales](https://redpanda.com/try-redpanda?section=enterprise-cloud).
:::

> Redpanda Console supports authentication via OAuth 2.0 or OIDC for external identity providers

Author: ```suggestion
Redpanda Console supports authentication through OAuth 2.0 and OIDC for external identity providers
```

> as well as a plain login for development environments or demo purposes. The following options

Author: ```suggestion
as well as a plain login (username and password) for development environments or demo purposes. The following options
```

are supported:
- [Google](../google)
- [GitHub](../github)
- [Okta](../okta)
- [Generic OIDC](../generic-oidc)

> - [Plain](../plain)

Author: Is Plain mentioned anywhere in the UI? If not, maybe we should use the term 'basic auth' since that seems to be ubiquitous when referring to plain usernames and passwords for authentication.

Reviewer: Not in the UI, but in the configuration we use plain everywhere. Basic auth may be confused with https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Authentication which is something else (it's more the alert kind of prompt you get from your browser). Here's a screenshot: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23424570/219335253-c1b0a61e-23ed-488d-88eb-11f81888bac1.png)

Reviewer: HTTP basic auth: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23424570/219337066-e3ef3a1b-35d2-49c6-a9d9-fdd5f3b078b2.png)

> - [Plain](../plain)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Plain](../plain) (username and password)
```
